docs: add snippet for nested param extraction (#2748)
ngrx/platform: projects/ngrx.io/content/guide/router-store/selectors.md

If the routes are defined as:

```typescript
[
  {
    path: 'my/:urlPath',
    component: /* ... */,
    children: [
      {
        path: 'is/:matched',
        component: /* ... */,
      },
    ],
  },
]
```

Using `selectRouteParam{s}` will get the `matched` param but not the `urlPath` param, because it is not located in a leaf of the URL Tree.

If all params in the URL Tree need to be extracted (both `urlPath` and `matched`), the following custom selector can be used. It accumulates params of all the segments in the matched route:

```typescript
import { Params } from '@angular/router';
import { createSelector } from '@ngrx/store';

export const selectRouteNestedParams = createSelector(selectRouter, (router) => {
  let currentRoute = router?.state?.root;
  let params: Params = {};
  while (currentRoute?.firstChild) {
    currentRoute = currentRoute.firstChild;
    params = {
      ...params,
      ...currentRoute.params,
    };
  }
  return params;
});

export const selectRouteNestedParam = (param: string) =>
  createSelector(selectRouteNestedParams, (params) => params && params[param]);
```

> **Note:** Beware using this accumulation technique when two params with the same name exist in the route (e.g. `my/:route/:id/with/another/:id`). Only the rightmost value is accessible because leftmost values are overwritten by the rightmost one in the traversal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert is-important">

Beware of using this accumulation technique when two params with the same name exist in the route (e.g. `my/:route/:id/with/another/:id`). Only the rightmost value is accessible because leftmost values are overwritten by the rightmost one in the traversal.

</div>
```
